Okay.
So the next component that we're going to update will be our job listing component.
So immediately, let's open up job listing dot view.
And as a reminder, this is the component that accepts a single job object as a prop and it renders
its relevant details such as the jobs title, its organization, its locations, etc..
Now, if I scroll down here, we're going to get to our script section and let's begin by implementing
our usual code.
So right here I'm going to add a lang, add to it set to task, and I'm going to import defined component
and I'm going to invoke it and pass in my.
Configuration object.
There we go.
And by default, you can see we're not going to get any specific errors.
However, we are not actually going to reap all the benefits of TypeScript.
So this defined component function is beneficial because it informs TypeScript about the more specific
details of our configuration.
And you may recall that we have this prop section here, which is almost like views on implementation
of type checking.
So this is not part of TypeScript, this is regular view syntax.
And what we're saying here is that this component should expect to receive a job prop from its parent.
That is going to be of type object.
But unfortunately, object is not really as specific as we can get here because we're not going to just
have a regular JavaScript object.
We're going to have a job object that has the job interface.
That's what we defined.
Remember in our types file, if I open up types in our API folder, we have this specific job object
flowing in, not just any regular JavaScript object, but an object with all these properties.
Unfortunately, job here is a typescript construct.
It is an interface, right?
So we can't just simply say that the type here is job because this is regular view code, which is regular
JavaScript code.
There's no concept of interfaces in JavaScript, only in TypeScript.
So we used this code earlier in the course because it was the best that we can do.
However, TypeScript doesn't understand that this is going to be specifically a job, so it can't really
validate, for example, what idea is going to be.
It assumes that job is going to be some kind of object with properties, and thus it's going to say,
Hey, this object may have an ID property and that may, if it exists, is going to add value to some
kind of data type.
In this case, any and if it doesn't exist, it's going to simply be undefined.
So it's not complaining about this syntax right here in our setup method.
However, it has no clue what ID is and it has no clue that job is actually a specific job object.
That syntax you see on the right here where it says record with string any is basically TypeScript saying,
I'm inferring that this is going to be some kind of object that's going to have string properties,
but that applies to all JavaScript objects.
We want to specifically have TypeScript know that this is a job object, so how can we do that while
still using the old school view syntax we have right here?
In order to accomplish that, we're going to need to import a special type from view called prop type.
And the way it's going to work is we're going to use the as a keyword, which we've explored many times
throughout the course, and that's going to tell TypeScript to interpret a type as something else.
So right here, I'm going to say as prop type and this is going to be the syntax.
Any single time you want to clarify that an object prop is going to be a more specific object that honors
an interface.
But how do we actually provide that specific object, shape or object type?
We do that as a generic type argument to prop type.
So right here I'm going to provide my brackets.
And of course here we need to provide our job interface.
So what I'm going to do is import that job interface.
This is a interface defined in TypeScript and it lives in our source directory API folder and the types
file.
So this is a TypeScript interface and this is TypeScript syntax, but that's totally fine because we
added this Lang attribute.
So Vue knows to process this whole thing as TypeScript.
Specifically this section, it's going to be able to interpret which regular JavaScript would not be
able to do.
So right here I'm going to say prop type job, and now we are going to tell TypeScript in combination
with the defined component function, that this is more than an object.
This is a prop.
It's a prop type, which means it's a data type that is fundamentally a prop that implements the job
interface.
And immediately when we go to the setup method, TypeScript now knows that props that job is now a job
object.
Notice how it updated the type here from being that record thing, which is a built in typescript keyword
to now knowing it's a job object.
Which means when we access it now and now knows that it's not just any data type, it knows that it's
a number because that's how we defined the ID property in our actual implementation or definition of
the job interface.
Here we said ideas a number, TypeScript and Vue.
Now know that job is a job object so it knows that ID must be a number and it can perform again more
in-depth, more precise type checking because it has a better sense of what's going on.
Now we're being more precise and telling it.
It's not just an object, it's a job.
All right.
So that's all we need to do here.
Of course, the next step is updating the corresponding test suite.
So immediately, let's open up job listing that test that.
Yes.
Make sure that you're targeting the singular job listing a file because there is a job listings component
in our app as well.
And immediately what I'm going to do is change is to have ATS extension.
So there we go.
And we run into a couple interesting scenarios here.
The first is we have this factory function called Create Job Props, which is basically creating a job
object for the use case of being used right here in our create config factory function as well.
So as a sample use case right here in our first test, we're using the create job props factory function
to create a sample job and then feeding that job object into create config where it becomes the properties
that are structured here.
Well, luckily as you may recall, we have a utils file in our test directory.
If I go to utils and it's found somewhere in here, test slice units that store here we have create
job function which we extract it to this utils file that serves the exact same purpose.
There is now multiple tests that need to create a job object that honors all of the properties of a
real world job.
And this function does the trick.
In other words, we have a little bit of duplication because this functionality now is the exact same
thing that we created this function to help us out with.
So let's go ahead and replace create job props with our Create Job Helper function throughout this file.
So what I'm going to do up here is I'm going to begin by importing that function.
So right here, import, create job.
And again, this is within our test directory, not our source directory.
So I'm going to use relative imports here.
So if I go up to directories here and then go into my store directory, that's where my utils directory
is.
Or more specifically, my apologies, the utils that's file which I have open here on the left and I'm
importing this function from that file.
With that, let's go ahead and remove create job props right here.
And if my intention is to use create job down below and know that it will always return to me a real
job object right here that honors all the properties.
I can say right here the job props will always live up to being a job object.
Of course, in order to do that, I'm going to need to import the interface for job as well.
So right here I'm going to import Job and that is an interface that we're going to get from the source
directory API types.
In fact, let me drag this a little bit up because it feels a little bit better to drag all of the source
directory imports and separate them from our test imports.
So again, create config is going to accept a job props object.
In fact, let's add that.
Update that to simply be job.
And we're going to declare the type of that as being the job interface.
All right.
And we don't necessarily need any additional config here because we're going to be able to have a real
job passed in by using our create job factory function.
We also have the change this former reference from dot, dot, dot job to simply or rather remove the
prop.
So now it's dot, dot, dot job.
There we go.
And then all that's left to do is anywhere where we were using the former create job props function.
We now replace it with our helper util function right here.
Concrete job.
Right here.
Instead of create job props, this is going to be create job.
We can also change our variable here as well to job, which means here when we are invoking create config,
we simply want to pass in our job.
It's going to live up to being a full job object because whatever properties we don't provide are going
to be filled in by these default values in our helper function.
So we're going to overwrite title right here with The View Programmer.
So that's going to overwrite Angular Developer right here.
But we are going to keep all of the other properties and that fulfills the interface of what a job must
be.
So scrolling down once again, change this to job.
Change this to create job.
Change this to job.
Down below changes to job change this to create job changes to job as well.
There we go.
Scrolling down a couple more left, changes to create job changes to just being a job content that we
feed in right here to the create config factory function.
Scroll down again.
Last test.
This is going to be the create job factory function on the left.
It's going to be a job contract.
And right here we're going to pass in that job object to our create config, which will create a config
just for the test.
Save that.
And if I scroll up it looks like everything is passing with no types with violations.
We've also removed some duplicate code and just kept the regular config set up right here.
It actually gets me thinking that maybe if we identify a lot of similarity between our test configs,
maybe this could be another util function that we eventually extract to this file.
Some here, right here.
If we can figure out what or how we can write it in such a way that tests would be able to customize
which aspects of the configuration they care about.
But that's a problem for another day.
For now, let's go ahead and run NPM, run, test, colon, watch so that we can see if our job listing
tests are still working.
All right.
So there we go.
We have two test suites and everything is still passing perfect.
So we've cleaned up our job list and component.
It now uses TypeScript and we've also cleaned up our job listing test suite and now uses our create
job, that utility function.
And I also simplifies a little bit of the code in there as well.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.